# NOMAD2018

This is my 3 CatBoost models for Kaggle competition Nomad2018:Predicting Transparent Conductors 

https://www.kaggle.com/c/nomad2018-predict-transparent-conductors

"Innovative materials design is needed to tackle some of the most important health, environmental, energy, social, and economic challenges of this century. In particular, improving the properties of materials that are intrinsically connected to the generation and utilization of energy is crucial if we are to mitigate environmental damage due to a growing global demand. Transparent conductors are an important class of compounds that are both electrically conductive and have a low absorption in the visible range, which are typically competing properties. A combination of both of these characteristics is key for the operation of a variety of technological devices such as photovoltaic cells, light-emitting diodes for flat-panel displays, transistors, sensors, touch screens, and lasers. However, only a small number of compounds are currently known to display both transparency and conductivity suitable enough to be used as transparent conducting materials.
Aluminum (Al), gallium (Ga), indium (In) sesquioxides are some of the most promising transparent conductors because of a combination of both large bandgap energies, which leads to optical transparency over the visible range, and high conductivities. These materials are also chemically stable and relatively inexpensive to produce. Alloying of these binary compounds in ternary or quaternary mixtures could enable the design of a new material at a specific composition with improved properties over what is current possible. These alloys are described by the formula (AlxGayInz)2NO3N; where x, y, and z can vary but are limited by the constraint x+y+z = 1. The total number of atoms in the unit cell, Ntotal=2N+3N(where N is an integer), is typically between 5 and 100. However, the main limitation in the design of compounds is that identification and discovery of novel materials for targeted applications requires an examination of enormous compositional and configurational degrees of freedom (i.e., many combinations of x, y, and z). To avoid costly and inefficient trial-and-error of synthetic routes, computational data-driven methods can be used to guide the discovery of potentially more efficient materials to aid in the development of advanced (or totally new) technologies. In computational material science, the standard tool for computing these properties is the quantum-mechanical method known as density-functional theory (DFT). However, DFT calculations are expensive, requiring hundreds or thousands of CPU hours on supercomputers for large systems, which prohibits the modeling of a sizable number of possible compositions and configurations. As a result, potential (AlxGayInz)2NO3N materials remain relatively unexplored. Data-driven models offer an alternative approach to efficiently search for new possible compounds in targeted applications but at a significantly reduced computational cost."
